README.md, before:

# New York Times Crawler with Crawlee

## Project Overview

This project is a simple yet powerful crawler developed using Crawlee, a versatile web scraping library. It's designed to extract the latest news articles from the New York Times website, presenting a neat way to stay updated with current events.

## Features

- **Efficient Crawling:** Utilizes Crawlee's robust tools to navigate and extract data from the New York Times.
- **Data Extraction:** Gathers key information from news articles, such as headlines, authors, and publication dates.
- **Easy to Use:** Simple setup and execution, making it accessible for both beginners and experienced users.

## Prerequisites

Before setting up the project, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (version 12 or higher)
- npm (usually comes with Node.js)

## Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://your-repository-url.git
   cd your-repository-directory

2. **Install Dependencies**

    Run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

    ```bash       
    npm install

## Usage
    To start the crawler, run:

    ```bash
    npm start

The script will begin to scrape the New York Times website and output the extracted data. You can modify the script to tailor the output to your requirements.

## Contributing
Contributions to enhance this crawler are welcomed. Please read the contributing guidelines before submitting your pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](license.md).

Commit message:

Add: Crawlee 'Getting started structure' and README updates

README.md, after:

# New York Times Crawler with Crawlee

## Project Overview

This project is a simple yet powerful crawler developed using Crawlee, a versatile web scraping library. It's designed to extract the latest news articles from the New York Times website, presenting a neat way to stay updated with current events.

## Features

- **Efficient Crawling:** Utilizes Crawlee's robust tools to navigate and extract data from the New York Times.
- **Data Extraction:** Gathers key information from news articles, such as headlines, authors, and publication dates.
- **Easy to Use:** Simple setup and execution, making it accessible for both beginners and experienced users.

## Prerequisites

Before setting up the project, ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (version 12 or higher)
- npm (usually comes with Node.js)

## Getting started with Crawlee

This example uses `PlaywrightCrawler` to recursively crawl https://crawlee.dev using the browser automation library [Playwright](https://playwright.dev).

You can find more examples and documentation at the following links:

- [Step-by-step tutorial](https://crawlee.dev/docs/introduction) for Crawlee
- `PlaywrightCrawler` [API documentation](https://crawlee.dev/api/playwright-crawler/class/PlaywrightCrawler)
- Other [examples](https://crawlee.dev/docs/examples/playwright-crawler)


## Installation

1. **Clone the Repository**
   
   ```bash
   git clone https://your-repository-url.git
   cd your-repository-directory

2. **Install Dependencies**

    Run the following command to install the necessary dependencies:

    ```bash       
    npm install

## Usage
    To start the crawler, run:

    ```bash
    npm start

The script will begin to scrape the New York Times website and output the extracted data. You can modify the script to tailor the output to your requirements.

## Contributing
Contributions to enhance this crawler are welcomed. Please read the contributing guidelines before submitting your pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](license.md).
